So in the last lecture, we recognize that we might need to clear the database before we re-populate it.
So back in the utility.js file, I'll add a new function and I'll simply name that function
clearStorage or to stay in line with the other names, maybe clearAllData,
you need to provide the storage for which you want to remove all data though.
Now in there as before, I'll return my promise and then we access then on the promise
and then in the then block, we get a function in which we get access to that database returned by the
database promise.
Now in there it's the old pattern, create a transaction with DB transaction, pass the store for which you
want to do a transaction and define which kind of transaction it is.
Now clearing definitely requires write access,
so let's use readwrite here.
With that, the next step is to open the store, so tx object store gives us access to the store, pass
the store we want to open as an argument and then we can call store clear to simply remove elements
from that store,
all the elements. Then I return tx complete,
here that is required because clear of course is a write operation and on every write operation, you
want to return tx complete to make sure that you keep that database integrity and don't get an error,
so that you definitely finished the transaction successfully.
So with that, we clear everything from the store and now we can go back to the service worker here and
when we write data, before we do so, we can clear the store.
So right after we clone the response here maybe, before we extract any data, we can call clear all data,
pass the store which is post for which we want to do that and that gives us back a promise so we
can call then and here we have a function where we don't need to get any argument
but in that function I then want to continue
and well simply extract my data. Here I can rewrite this to have it a bit easier to read and not that
much of nesting,
I return the JSON method and chain that then block after the first one.
So now we have it a bit easier to read,
we first of all clear the data, then we, if that was successful, then we basically extract the JSON
data from our cloned response and then we use that extracted data here in the next then block where we
finally write data.
So with that here in place, now we changed our code a little bit to ensure that we clear the storage
before we re-populate it.
Let me bump up the static cache version and let's head over to our application here and there,
I don't want to clear the storage because I want to see that this gets cleared, so I don't clear it manually,
instead I'll use the old approach of simply refreshing the page once to install the new service worker,
closing the tab and opening a new one.
Now with that, we have our new service worker activated,
now let's refresh one more time so that it also controls the front page
and now let's have a look at the application, refresh indexedDB and go to posts and you see we only have
the first post now,
the other one was deleted and keep in mind, we didn't clear the database
and of course it survives page refreshes, just like the cache API.
So we now successfully clear that because we cleared the whole database before we repopulate it.
So this is one important enhancement which ensures that we also react to items getting deleted on our
back-end.